Mr. Wang, we did everything we could.
Our condolences.
- Happy birthday to you.
- Happy birthday to me.
Make a wish.
I wish I'd get better soon.
So I can go out with Dad
to ride the carousel
and the Ferris wheel.
I want to be with Dad forever.
We'll always be together.
(Bai: New banquet tomorrow night)
(I'll pay you next time)
(Calling Bai)
(My daughter's surgery can't wait)
(I need the money now)
(When are you paying me?)
(Bai Qiming, stop playing dead)
(Where are you? Pick up!)
I'll avenge you.
Hi, Mr. Liu.
Mr. Bai.
Where's the money?
Mr. Liu,
I'm really sorry.
I will pay it back.
Just give me a few more days.
Please.
In Qingcheng,
no one dares to owe Liu Xijun money.
Yes.
If you can't pay,
you pay with your life.
I'll end you
like crushing an ant.
=The Hidden Truth=
=Episode 9=
Dad.
Get him into the car.
Quick. Move.
He's still breathing.
What do we do now?
Dad,
do you know
any doctors?
No one can know about this.
What if
he's badly hurt
and dies here?
Then we take him to the mountains
and bury him.
Huahua…
My Huahua…
Let's play.
Huahua…
What are you doing?
I'm going to kill him.
- I'll kill him.
- Are you insane?
I'm killing him.
Lower your voice.
Put the knife down.
Put it down.
I want them dead.
You can't kill anyone.
I want him dead.
Your hands
can't be stained with blood.
I'll be back soon.
Dad, I'll go with you.
Stay home.
Stop doing everything alone.
Let me come with you.
Ali, you're back.
I cleaned the blood
at the door.
Come in.
What exactly
is your relationship with Bai?
Ali,
he threatened me
and used me to get close to you.
He has leverage on me.
From the day I met you
until now,
how you treated me,
I know it in my heart.
I just want to tell you the truth.
I don't want to lie anymore.
Actually,
I ran away
from a village near Shancheng.
I'm married.
I've got a husband.
He's a drunk
who beat me every time he drank.
Eight years together.
Beaten into four miscarriages.
We had no children.
I knew
if it went on,
he'd beat me to death.
So I made up my mind
and ran.
Four months ago,
I met Bai.
He said
you were his enemy
and made me move across from you
to get close to you.
If I didn't,
he'd tell my husband where I was.
Why are you
telling us this now?
Because you're a good man.
And Yimo
is a good girl.
The care you've shown me
has always been heartfelt.
With you,
I felt like I got a second life.
Ali,
I truly wanted
to be a family
with you and Yimo.
So many times
I wanted to tell the truth.
But I was afraid
Bai would destroy everything.
Even more,
I was afraid
you'd hate me.
Now that it's all out,
I feel lighter.
It doesn't get any worse.
But I truly
don't want to lie anymore.
Does Bai know you're exposed?
No.
He just thinks
I've given him less info lately.
I can still calm him down for now.
Ali,
whether you believe me or not,
let me help you once.
Let me be involved.
You'll trust me more that way.
After this,
if you want me gone,
I'll leave
you and Yimo for good.
I won't disturb you anymore.
You see,
I need
to deal with him now.
I work at a pet shop, right?
We partner
with a pet funeral service.
They have a cremator.
That should work.
Lately,
Bai's been planning something.
He might go after you two.
Be careful.
Do you smell that?
What are you doing?
The air
smells like revenge.
You're crazy.
Relax.
It's part of the plan.
Boss, Wang Li's here.
Mr. Wang.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Mr. Wang,
what do you think?
I've given your office
a fresh touch.
Does it look
more prosperous?
The restaurant's yours now.
What about what you promised me?
You give me the restaurant.
I give you Bai.
Fair and square, right?
However,
Bai's slippery.
I need time.
We can't wait anymore.
I told you he's a maniac.
It's too dangerous
to have him on the loose.
I understand.
The moment I get news,
you'll be the first to know.
Gotta go.
Bye.
Boss.
Is Wang Li pushing us to find Bai?
Should we send the guys out?
What are you talking about?
Is he your boss or am I?
What, trying to switch sides?
Who is he anyway?
What's Wang Li even worth to us?
Hunting for him?
I'm his errand boy now?
Whatever crap he's got with Bai,
that's their mess.
We've already got the restaurant.
What does it have to do with us?
Let them fight it out.
Yes. Boss, you're right.
You think?
I told you to get the tea.
Forgot. I'll go now, right now.
Hey...
Useless.
We're closed today.
You...
Bomb.
Here you go.
Isn't that the cook from last time?
Didn't get enough?
Where are our people?
Where's Wang Li?
Wang Li sold the restaurant to our boss.
Get lost. Or you'll be in trouble.
Get lost.
I'll...
Nobody move.
Drop it.
Don't do anything stupid.
(Wang Li)
Hongyun Restaurant is mine now.
Pfft. What profit?
I lost plenty.
Still have to think about how to run it.
That's why I called
to ask if you know
any reliable accountants.
(Bai wants to see you)
What is it?
I saw Wang Li and his daughter.
They went home.
And?
Since Li Xu took over Hongyun,
Wang Li looks crushed.
Doesn't want to see anyone.
That's it?
You came all the way just to tell me that?
I…
I'm almost out of money.
Rent's about to be due.
Think you're working for me for pay?
Asking me for money?
Get this straight.
Watching over Wang Li
is your chance to protect yourself.
You want cash?
Figure it out yourself.
Keep your eyes on them.
If they try to run,
tell me immediately.
Get out.
Mr. Li.
Especially for you.
Not good enough?
You just took Hongyun Restaurant.
Another step up.
Should've been mine in the first place.
Bai,
your mess with Wang Li
has dragged me into chaos.
Is this fun to you?
It's just you today?
No crew?
Feels strange.
Li,
burning bridges like that
isn't smart.
Save the threats.
If you called me here,
it means I'm still useful.
So say it. Why am I here?
Relax.
I asked you here today,
just to ask you something.
Squeezing one restaurant
out of Wang Li,
you think that's enough?
One restaurant's not enough
to cover my losses.
Let me tell you.
Wang Li has plenty of money.
I can bleed him dry for you.
But,
you need to do me a small favor.
Say it.
What favor?
I want the father and daughter.
Have some milk.
Good for your health.
Huahua…
My Huahua…
Yimo.
It's Dad.
What's wrong?
Dad.
I had a nightmare.
It's okay.
I'm here.
Dad.
If my hands
have already
stained with blood,
will you still let me be your daughter?
Don't say that.
My daughter's hands
have never touched blood.
Before I "officially" came back,
- I...
- Don't say it.
You came back
the day we were at Hongyun.
Whatever happened before that
has nothing to do with you.
♪Bright the moon♪
♪Quiet the wind♪
♪Leafy shadows veil the pane♪
♪Dreams of the past sleep in the chill♪
♪Now I run toward the light♪
♪What does the fire burn,
what does it reveal?♪
♪Is the answer found when the sun rises♪
♪If it's all a lie♪
♪Should I tear it open?♪
♪If it's all part of the journey♪
♪Then face the blaze head-on♪
♪Let the sun awaken my heart's crave♪
♪Pain reminds me I'm alive♪
♪The world can't take away every clear sky♪
♪The hotter it gets, the fiercer I fight♪
♪Let the sun burn away all I lean upon♪
♪Leave me only what endures♪
♪At the cliff's edge, all fear shatters♪
♪With a grounded heart, a soul like fire♪